[en] Mention container orchestrator in k8s def (#719)
cncf/glossary: content/en/kubernetes.md

---

## What it is

> Kubernetes, often abbreviated as K8s, is a container orchestrator which is an open-source tool that automates the life-cycle of [container](/container/) applications on modern infrastructures. It's like a data center operating system that manages applications running across a [distributed system](/distributed_systems/) (just like the OS on your laptop that manages your apps). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes, often abbreviated as K8s, is an open source container orchestrator that automates the life-cycle of [containerized](/container/) applications on modern infrastructures. It's like a data center operating system that manages applications running across a [distributed system](/distributed_systems/) (just like the OS on your laptop that manages your apps). 
```

Author: thanks, @CathPag that sounds much better
